gre augment

#### **【题目翻译】**

去年报名参加由附近 Omni 大学提供的远程教学项目的学生人数上升了 50%。同年，Omni 用于宿舍和教室的开支比前一年显著下降，很可能是由于网上远程教学的出现。 比较而言，在过去三年中，Humana 学院的报名人数下降了，而且用于房屋维护的费用和财政赤字都上升。因此，为解决这些问题，我们也应该开展并积极推广与 Omni 一样的远程教学系统。

#### **【写作指令】**

假设类

#### **【参考攻击思路】**

Ø 漏洞一：首先O大学在线课程人数增加的幅度不一定很大，因为可能这些项目人数本来就很少，而且这些学生很有可能是学校内部学生从线下转到线上。

Ø 漏洞二：大学费用的减少，不一定是因为在线学员增加，可能是因为宿舍管理以及教室管理方式发生改变，比如鼓励学生自己租房或者和其他房产公司合作，共同压缩了宿舍成本。

Ø 漏洞三：其实我们认为O大学的成功是由于在线课程，H大学不一定能够模仿，因为在线课程首先需要考虑学校的课程开发能力，是否有良好的基础设施，同时还要考虑当地学生是否接受在线教育。

Ø 漏洞四：即使H大学能够很好的开发出高质量的在线课程，也并不代表他能够解决现在的赤字问题，因为购买在线教育器材以及服务本身就会涉及到大量的支出，此时开展在线课程，有可能还会加大学校的财政赤字。

In the memorandum, the president of Humana University predicts that promoting online degree programs like those at Omni will be the solution to Humana University's stagnating enrollment and budget problems. To justify his prediction, the president mentions that Omni University witnessed a 50 percent increase in enrollment in its online degree programs and thereby experienced a dramatic decline in expenses relating to dormitory and classroom space. In addition, the president points out that Humana University has suffered from static enrollment, increased maintenance cost of buildings, and a higher budget deficit over the past three years. Nevertheless, this memorandum is specious on several grounds since a number of questions regarding the president's conclusion require further analysis.

First, it is questionable that Omni University's online degree programs have successfully boosted its enrollment and will continue to be effective. To better evaluate the argument, we need to put forward more questions: is the original number of enrolled students the year before last quite significant? Can the 50 percent increase in enrollment repeat itself in the future? If the programs began with ten students, last year's 50 percent increase would merely be five students, which is an insufficient number to prove the programs' effectiveness. Even if, due to lower tuition fees and the convenience of attending classes and taking exams at home, Humana University's online degree programs attracted numerous students from other cities and countries initially, the situation may not last long. Specifically, after a few years of online study, students are likely to undergo loneliness as well as the downward trend in academic scores owing to the lack of campus life and encouragement and supervision from classmates and teachers. As a result, they would gradually return to offline study, which renders the programs ineffective in continuously increasing enrollment. In this scenario, it would be imprudent for the president to advise Humana to replicate Omni's online degree programs and foresee any rise in its enrollment. On the contrary, if the answers to the above question are positive, the president will see his advice strengthened.

Second, it is still open to doubt that online degree programs have solely contributed to the decline in expenditures for dormitory and classroom space in Omni University. Thus, we have to figure out whether other factors are primarily responsible for reducing expenditures. For example, last year, Omni University could receive a government subsidy for expenses relating to dorms and classrooms, such as maintenance and utility costs. Alternatively, perhaps Omni used to rent residence halls and lecture rooms from private owners, but it finally became financially capable of constructing several new buildings on the campus. Thus, without rent expense, Omni undoubtedly experienced a decline in expenditures for dorms and classrooms when using these buildings. Therefore, any or a combination of these factors could have actually led to the diminished expenditures, which dissuades the president from recommending Humana to depend on the programs to cope with its budget deficit. In contrast, if no other factors have given rise to the reduction in expenditures, the president's proposal is advisable. 

Third, granted that exclusively, online degree programs have helped and will continue to help Omni University make progress in its enrollment and financial state, the final question revolves around whether online education is also applicable to Humana University. To obtain a more persuasive judgment, we need to ask, do the two universities share similarities in national university rankings, teaching resources, numbers of outstanding professors, and graduate employment rates? Suppose Omni University ranks among the top thirty universities nationwide and offers students with extraordinary study experience and considerable job opportunities, which is beyond Humana University's reach. In this case, it seems unwise for Humana to rely on online degree programs to replicate Omni's success, which therefore weakens the president's suggestion. On the other hand, if the two universities are almost identical in the features that students most value, it will bolster the president's conclusion.

To sum up, It is unreasonable for the president to believe that implementing similar online degree programs would help Humana University turn the tide. We need to ask the questions mentioned above, and the answers to the questions would contribute to a better evaluation of the president's anticipation. 



In the memorandum备忘录,  某人 predicts that 什么方法 will be the solution to什么事情.   To justify his prediction, the president mentions that数据表明  and thereby experienced a dramatic decline in expenses relating to 对啥有下降或者上升 . In addition, the president points out that Humana University has suffered from 一些问题, increased maintenance cost of buildings, and a higher budget deficit over the past three years. Nevertheless, this memorandum is specious on several grounds since a number of questions regarding the president's conclusion require further analysis.

is specious on serveral grounds since a number of questions regarding the president's conclusion require further analysis. 

First, it is questionable that Omni University's online degree programs have successfully boosted its enrollment and will continue to be effective. To better evaluate the argument, we need to put forward more questions: is the original number of enrolled students the year before last quite significant? Can the 50 percent increase in enrollment repeat itself in the future? If the programs began with ten students, last year's 50 percent increase would merely be five students, which is an insufficient number to prove the programs' effectiveness. Even if, due to lower tuition fees and the convenience of attending classes and taking exams at home, Humana University's online degree programs attracted numerous students from other cities and countries initially, the situation may not last long. Specifically, after a few years of online study, students are likely to undergo loneliness as well as the downward trend in academic scores owing to the lack of campus life and encouragement and supervision from classmates and teachers. As a result, they would gradually return to offline study, which renders the programs ineffective in continuously increasing enrollment. In this scenario, it would be imprudent for the president to advise Humana to replicate Omni's online degree programs and foresee any rise in its enrollment. On the contrary, if the answers to the above question are positive, the president will see his advice strengthened.

Second, it is still open to doubt that online degree programs have solely contributed to the decline in expenditures for dormitory and classroom space in Omni University. Thus, we have to figure out whether other factors are primarily responsible for reducing expenditures. For example, last year, Omni University could receive a government subsidy for expenses relating to dorms and classrooms, such as maintenance and utility costs. Alternatively, perhaps Omni used to rent residence halls and lecture rooms from private owners, but it finally became financially capable of constructing several new buildings on the campus. Thus, without rent expense, Omni undoubtedly experienced a decline in expenditures for dorms and classrooms when using these buildings. Therefore, any or a combination of these factors could have actually led to the diminished expenditures, which dissuades the president from recommending Humana to depend on the programs to cope with its budget deficit. In contrast, if no other factors have given rise to the reduction in expenditures, the president's proposal is advisable. 

Third, granted that exclusively, online degree programs have helped and will continue to help Omni University make progress in its enrollment and financial state, the final question revolves around whether online education is also applicable to Humana University. To obtain a more persuasive judgment, we need to ask, do the two universities share similarities in national university rankings, teaching resources, numbers of outstanding professors, and graduate employment rates? Suppose Omni University ranks among the top thirty universities nationwide and offers students with extraordinary study experience and considerable job opportunities, which is beyond Humana University's reach. In this case, it seems unwise for Humana to rely on online degree programs to replicate Omni's success, which therefore weakens the president's suggestion. On the other hand, if the two universities are almost identical in the features that students most value, it will bolster the president's conclusion.

To sum up, It is unreasonable for the president to believe that implementing similar online degree programs would help Humana University turn the tide. We need to ask the questions mentioned above, and the answers to the questions would contribute to a better evaluation of the president's anticipation. 